PAGE [Lagos] https://www.africadatacentres.com/lagos/ modified=2024-06-14T10:29:02
LOS 1 Lagos Data Centre Expand your digitisation solutions in West Africa with Lagos Data Centre by Africa Data Centres, the largest pan-African and interconnected data centre network. Strategically located in Lagos, Nigeria, LOS 1 Lagos Data Centre serves local and other African markets as the leader in data centre security, data infrastructure management and cloud- and carrier-neutrality. Get in touch Welcome to LOS 1 Lagos Data Centre in Nigeria Connecting with Lagos Data Centre means rapid and secure data centre operations, services and interconnection across the African continent, facilitating services such as cloud computing, web hosting, data peering, data storage and so much more. With interconnection as a core priority, the Lagos Data Centre operation joins a pan-African network of data centres, including Johannesburg, Nairobi, Cape Town, Harare, and Kigali. Paving the way for hyperscale customers to deploy digitisation solutions to West Africa, this data centre exists to expand customers’ digital footprint into Africa. The Lagos Data Centre marks a significant step forward in Africa Data Centres’ ambitious long-term strategy to digitise Africa. The creation of a digital hub is the beginning of digital transformation capabilities for the region. Multinational enterprises benefit from being housed under the same roof as our hyperscale customers due to the lower latency enjoyed. As such, the combination of cloud providers and enterprises make these data centres marketplaces of the ecosystem – and, most importantly, the base for the country’s digital and economic development. Excellent data centre security ensures customers’ data is safe and secure, and ensuring data sovereignty by keeping African data on African soil is another key consideration driving the demand for local data centre facilities. Connect with Africa Data Centres at LOS1 Lagos Data Centre. The largest pan-African network of interconnected data centres. Safe. Secure. Certified About Africa Data Centres Africa Data Centres is Africa’s largest network of interconnected carrier- and cloud-neutral data centre facilities. With data centres located across major African regional business and trade hubs, we welcome both multinationals and the largest African enterprises. Bringing global skills and expertise to your local market, Africa Data Centres’ exceptionally experienced team provides world-class support. On-site security is guaranteed by multiple layers: A combination of physical security, biometric access control and CCTV systems. With our ISO 27001 certification and PCI DSS compliance, Africa Data Centres is the primary choice for international cloud and content providers. This ensures that our facilities are equipped no matter what network or cloud onramp your business requires. Africa Data Centres’ operations are designed and built to the highest standards demanded by today’s leading cloud providers, carriers and enterprises – providing your business with peace-of-mind, regardless of the scale of requirement. Over 50 leading carriers call Africa Data Centres home, as do major internet exchanges, including the Johannesburg Internet Exchange (JINX), Cape Town Internet Exchange (CINX) and Kenya Internet Exchange Point (KIXP). Lagos site specifications Attain the Lagos advantage today Download Features 1 .s0 { fill: #ffd300 } Facility. 10 data halls, with 9800 m2 (square meters) of white space. World class Rated-3 Data centre located in Lagos, in the special Economic Zone called Eko Atlantic City. 1 .s0 { fill: #ffd400 } Power. Critical IT Load of 20.65 MW (Megawatt). .cls-1,.cls-2{fill:none;stroke:#fed500;stroke-miterlimit:10;stroke-width:4px;}.cls-2{stroke-linecap:round;} Connectivity y Connectivity. Interconnection of all Africa Data Centres’ sites across the continent. 1 .s0 { fill: #ffd400 } Cooling. Cold aisle Containment done to maintain cooling efficiencies. Shape 14-svg .s0 { fill: #ffd400 } Security. Connected to 24/7 Security Operations Centre and Service Control Centre. 1 .s0 { fill: #ffd400 } Fire Detection and Suppresion. Low pressure gas system installed in the data halls triggered by double knock detection of fire alarm. Shape 16-svg .s0 { fill: #ffd400 } Monitoring. Colocation: Private Cage, Secured racks, Cross Connects and Power Metering. 1 .s0 { fill: #ffd400 } Products and Services. All critical infrastructure and security systems are managed and monitored 24/7. Arrange a Facility Tour Contact Information Contact us with the info below or fill in the form and our team will get back to you. Eko Atlantic, Lagos, Nigeria enquiries@africadatacentres.com​ Facebook-White Twitter-White LinkedIn-White YouTube1-svg .s0 { fill: #ffffff } First Name * Last Name * Email * Message 0 / 180 Please check the box below to proceed Reserve My Spot Twitter feed is not available at the moment. Network Facebook-White Twitter-White LinkedIn-White Join our mailing list Email Submit By submitting this form, I consent to be contacted by Africa DataCentres about its services, news or events. For more information on how we use your data, please review our privacy policy

