url: https://it-online.co.za/2025/11/11/seacom-unveils-new-branding-as-it-plans-for-africas-future/
status: 200
retrieved: 2026-09-22
published: Tue, 11 Nov 2025 13:17:00 GMT
bytes: 151370

== window 1 ==
Mobile Lifestyle Hub 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Select Page 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Seacom unveils new branding as it plans for Africa’s future 

 Nov 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 Kathy Gibson reports – Seacom, which pioneered Africa’s submarine cable boom 16 years ago, is planning a major new undersea network. 
 Seacom 2.0, due to be completed by 2029, is designed to carry the data traffic that will be generated by Africa’s embrace of digitisation and artificial intelligence (AI)

== window 2 ==
iven revolution. 
 Looking further ahead, the system is engineered to support a world population of 10-billion by 2050, with the Indian Ocean Basin projected to house half of humanity. ​ 
 The Seacom 2.0 cable will be the first use of a 48-fibre-pair architecture designed to handle high-capacity, low-latency AI workloads. Cable landing stations will transform into AI communication nodes, linking African nations’ sovereign AI infrastructure to global data hubs. ​ 
 Richard Schumach

== window 3 ==
stem is engineered to support a world population of 10-billion by 2050, with the Indian Ocean Basin projected to house half of humanity. ​ 
 The Seacom 2.0 cable will be the first use of a 48-fibre-pair architecture designed to handle high-capacity, low-latency AI workloads. Cable landing stations will transform into AI communication nodes, linking African nations’ sovereign AI infrastructure to global data hubs. ​ 
 Richard Schumacher, MD: digital infrastructure at Seacom, points ou

== window 4 ==
lation of 10-billion by 2050, with the Indian Ocean Basin projected to house half of humanity. ​ 
 The Seacom 2.0 cable will be the first use of a 48-fibre-pair architecture designed to handle high-capacity, low-latency AI workloads. Cable landing stations will transform into AI communication nodes, linking African nations’ sovereign AI infrastructure to global data hubs. ​ 
 Richard Schumacher, MD: digital infrastructure at Seacom, points out that the existing cable was laid 16 yea

== window 5 ==
ication nodes, linking African nations’ sovereign AI infrastructure to global data hubs. ​ 
 Richard Schumacher, MD: digital infrastructure at Seacom, points out that the existing cable was laid 16 years ago and upgraded last year. The new capacity has already been sold out. 
 “We are thinking about what is coming next and starting the cycle early,” he says. 
 Schumacher explains that subsea cables are the backbone of the Internet. “What we call the first mile. The second mile is ter

== window 6 ==
pore. Where it traverses the Red Sea, the new cable will hug the African coast in order to avoid the Yemen coast where issues are most likely to occur – and are difficult to remediate. 
 The first phase of the project will connect Egypt to Mombasa, with the second phase continuing the line to South Africa. 
 “Africa is one of the developing continents in terms of digital transformation and we are future-proofing its digital economy,” Schumacher says. 
 The Seacom 2.0 project is expe

== window 7 ==
cted to cost between $1,5-billion and $2-billion, and Seacom is looking to private equity investors to fund it. 
 Meanwhile, Seacom is working on developing technology that will allow it to open up landlocked countries in Africa, but using submarine technology to create terrestrial cables that can withstand hostile terrain. 
 “This will allow us to further empower Africa,” says Pranesh Padayachee, chief technology and operations officer at Seacom Digital Infrastructure 
 Today, Seacom

== window 8 ==
terrain. 
 “This will allow us to further empower Africa,” says Pranesh Padayachee, chief technology and operations officer at Seacom Digital Infrastructure 
 Today, Seacom is unveiling a new brand that represents its position as a leading fibre provider, opening up the African market to the world. 
 The rebrand marks a strategic leap for Seacom, showcasing its expanded capabilities, renewed purpose, and ambitious vision for Africa’s digital future. “Our new brand embodies the ene

